Add ZooKeeper operator docs (2.1.1) (#3971)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/zookeeper-operator/index.md

## Installation

1.  Follow the generic installation instructions for workspace catalog applications on the [Application Deployment](../application-deployment/) page.

1.  Within the `AppDeployment`, update the `appRef` to specify the correct `zookeeper-operator` App. You can find the `appRef.name` by listing the available `Apps` in the workspace namespace:

    ```bash
    kubectl get apps -n ${WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE}
    ```

For details on custom configuration for the operator, please refer to the [ZooKeeper operator Helm Chart documentation](https://github.com/pravega/zookeeper-operator/tree/master/charts/zookeeper-operator#configuration).

## Uninstall via the CLI

> Uninstalling the ZooKeeper operator will not directly affect any running `ZookeeperCluster`s. By default, the operator will wait for any `ZookeeperClusters` to be deleted before it will fully uninstall (you can set `hooks.delete: true` in the application configuration to disable this behavior). After uninstalling the operator, you will need to manually clean up any leftover Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uninstalling the ZooKeeper operator will not directly affect any running `ZookeeperClusters`. By default, the operator will wait for any `ZookeeperClusters` to be deleted before it will fully uninstall (you can set `hooks.delete: true` in the application configuration to disable this behavior). After uninstalling the operator, you will need to manually clean up any leftover Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).
```

Author: fixed in cfa2be8cb5c4e4a2631c3ad1c19923ea6495cc86

> 1.  Delete all `ZookeeperCluster`'s, see [Deleting ZooKeeper Clusters](../../../../projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/zookeeper#deleting-zookeeper-clusters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Delete all `ZookeeperClusters`, see [Deleting ZooKeeper Clusters](../../../../projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/zookeeper#deleting-zookeeper-clusters).
```

Author: fixed in cfa2be8cb5c4e4a2631c3ad1c19923ea6495cc86

> 1.  Uninstalling a ZooKeeper operator `AppDeployment`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Uninstall a ZooKeeper operator `AppDeployment`:
```

Author: fixed in cfa2be8cb5c4e4a2631c3ad1c19923ea6495cc86

    ```bash
    kubectl -n <workspace namespace> delete AppDeployment <name of AppDeployment>
    ```

> 1.  Removing ZooKeeper CRDs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Remove ZooKeeper CRDs:
```

Author: fixed in cfa2be8cb5c4e4a2631c3ad1c19923ea6495cc86

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: ZooKeeper Operator
title: ZooKeeper Operator
menuWeight: 20
excerpt: Information about the ZooKeeper Operator
---

## Overview

[ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org/index.html) is a centralized service for maintaining configuration information, naming, providing distributed synchronization, and providing group services. The [ZooKeeper operator](https://github.com/pravega/zookeeper-operator) is a Kubernetes operator that handles the provisioning and management of ZooKeeper clusters. It works by watching custom resources, such as `ZookeeperClusters`, to provision the underlying Kubernetes resources (`StatefulSets`) required for a production-ready ZooKeeper Cluster.

## Install

> These install instructions describe how to install the ZooKeeper operator in a workspace. After following the install instructions, you will have the ZooKeeper operator running in a workspace namespace, ready to manage and create ZooKeeper clusters in any project namespaces. See the [ZooKeeper custom resource documentation](../../../../projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/zookeeper/) for more information on creating ZooKeeper clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to install the ZooKeeper operator in a workspace. This procedure results in a ZooKeeper operator running in a workspace namespace, ready to manage and create ZooKeeper clusters in any project namespaces. See the [ZooKeeper custom resource documentation](../../../../projects/applications/catalog-applications/custom-resources-workspace-catalog/zookeeper/) for more information on creating ZooKeeper clusters.
```

1.  Follow the generic installation instructions for workspace catalog applications on the [Application Deployment](../application-deployment/) page.

1.  Within the `AppDeployment`, update the `appRef` to specify the correct `zookeeper-operator` App. You can find the `appRef.name` by listing the available `Apps` in the workspace namespace:

    ```bash
    kubectl get apps -n ${WORKSPACE_NAMESPACE}
    ```

For details on custom configuration for the operator, please refer to the [ZooKeeper operator Helm Chart documentation](https://github.com/pravega/zookeeper-operator/tree/master/charts/zookeeper-operator#configuration).

## Uninstall via the CLI

> Uninstalling the ZooKeeper operator will not directly affect any running `ZookeeperClusters`. By default, the operator will wait for any `ZookeeperClusters` to be deleted before it will fully uninstall (you can set `hooks.delete: true` in the application configuration to disable this behavior). After uninstalling the operator, you will need to manually clean up any leftover Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Uninstalling the ZooKeeper operator will not directly affect any running `ZookeeperClusters`. By default, the operator waits for any `ZookeeperClusters` to be deleted before it will fully uninstall (you can set `hooks.delete: true` in the application configuration to disable this behavior). After uninstalling the operator, you need to manually clean up any leftover Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs).
```
